Tuples interfaces generics (#52891)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/fundamentals/types/interfaces.md

>
> **Experienced in another language?** C# interfaces are similar to interfaces in Java or protocols in Swift. Skim the [explicit implementation](#explicit-implementation) section for C#-specific patterns.

An *interface* defines a contract—a group of related methods, properties, events, and indexers that a [`class`](../../language-reference/keywords/class.md) or [`struct`](../../language-reference/builtin-types/struct.md) must implement. Interfaces let you include behavior from multiple sources in a single type, which is important because C# doesn't support multiple inheritance of classes. Structs can't inherit from other structs or classes, so interfaces are the only way to add shared behavior across struct types.

The following example declares an interface and a class that implements it:

:::code language="csharp" source="./snippets/interfaces/interfaces.cs" ID="Equatable":::

:::code language="csharp" source="./snippets/interfaces/interfaces.cs" ID="ImplementEquatable":::

> Any class or struct that implements <xref:System.IEquatable`1> must provide an `Equals` method matching the interface signature. You can count on any `IEquatable<T>` implementation to support equality comparison, regardless of the concrete type. That predictability is the core value of interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any class or struct that implements <xref:System.IEquatable`1> must provide an `Equals` method that matches the interface signature. You can count on any `IEquatable<T>` implementation to support equality comparison, regardless of the concrete type. That predictability is the core value of interfaces.
```

Reviewer: -ing words are more amiguous

## Implement an interface

A class or struct lists the interfaces it implements after a colon in its declaration. The class must provide an implementation for every member declared in the interface:

:::code language="csharp" source="./snippets/interfaces/interfaces.cs" ID="ImplementInterface":::

A class can implement multiple interfaces, separated by commas. It must provide implementations for all members from every interface it lists.

### Explicit implementation

Sometimes you need to implement an interface member without making it part of the class's public API. *Explicit implementation* qualifies the member with the interface name. The member is only accessible through a variable of the interface type:

:::code language="csharp" source="./snippets/interfaces/interfaces.cs" ID="ExplicitImplementation":::

Explicit implementation is useful when two interfaces declare members with the same name, or when you want to keep the class's public surface clean. For more detail, see [Explicit Interface Implementation](../../programming-guide/interfaces/explicit-interface-implementation.md).

## Interface inheritance

> Interfaces can inherit from one or more other interfaces. A class implementing a derived interface must implement all members from the derived interface and all of its base interfaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interfaces can inherit from one or more other interfaces. A class that implements a derived interface must implement all members from the derived interface and all of its base interfaces:
```

:::code language="csharp" source="./snippets/interfaces/interfaces.cs" ID="InternalInterfaceExample":::

In the preceding example, `IConfigurable` uses an internal type `InternalConfiguration` in its method signature. `ServiceImplementation` uses explicit implementation for that member. In contrast, `ILoggable` uses only public types (`string`) in its signature and can be implemented implicitly.

## Default interface members and static abstract members

Interfaces support two advanced features that go beyond basic contracts:

- **Default interface members** let an interface provide a method body. Implementing types inherit the default implementation and can optionally override it. For more information, see [default interface methods](../../advanced-topics/interface-implementation/default-interface-methods-versions.md).
- **Static abstract members** require implementing types to provide a static member, which is useful for defining operator contracts or factory patterns. For more information, see [static abstract members in interfaces](../../language-reference/keywords/interface.md#static-abstract-and-virtual-members).

> Both features are covered in the advanced topics section. Most everyday interface usage involves the declaring and implementing patterns described earlier in this article.

Reviewer: What does the "advanced topics" section refer to, a section in the TOC?

Author: Updated. That should be the language reference.
